material/bootcamp-instructions.md, before:

# Process

## Registration

1. If you don't have a github account register one here www.github.com/join. 
2. Sign in to exercise.io using your github account 
3. Now send me your github account username so that I can add you to our exercism.io team.
4. I will create you an account with Pluralsight that you should be able to log into using your university email address.
5. I'll also invite you to join our Slack group chat - sign in and say hello.

## Getting yourself ready

1. Complete the quiz to assess your current level - Click the "Check Now" button here - https://app.pluralsight.com/paths/skills/java
2. It would be good to post your score to the Slack channel, but if you don't feel about to, you can just send it to me in slack as a Direct Message - https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/212281468-Direct-messages-and-group-DMs
3. 


## Absolute Beginner

If you don't feel at all confident in Java you may want to start from the very beginning. Here is how we recommend you start. 

1. :cinema: VIDEO watch **Course Overview** and **Introduction and Setting up...** in Pluralsight. See [my notes on the videos](pluralsight-notes.md)
2. :construction_worker: TASK (If you haven't already) install Java and an IDE like instructed in the video. 
3. :construction_worker: TASK As a break from this follow the instructions in this video to set up your machine for running the real exercises - https://youtu.be/P1nz1CMs90g

If you have had any problems getting your Java environment or Gradle/Exercises set up - let us know in Slack

4. :runner: EXERCISE Get the "return" exercise running as shown in the video above.
5. :cinema: VIDEO watch **Variables, Data Types and Math Operators** and **Conditional Logic, Looping and Arrays**


http://www.sololearn.com/Play/Java/#

Commit message:

instructions and exercise list for 1st section

material/bootcamp-instructions.md, after:

# Process

## Registration

1. If you don't have a github account register one here www.github.com/join. 
2. Sign in to exercise.io using your github account 
3. Now send me your github account username so that I can add you to our exercism.io team.
4. I will create you an account with Pluralsight that you should be able to log into using your university email address.
5. I'll also invite you to join our Slack group chat - sign in and say hello.

## Getting yourself ready

1. Complete the quiz to assess your current level - Click the "Check Now" button here - https://app.pluralsight.com/paths/skills/java
2. It would be good to post your score to the Slack channel, but if you don't feel about to, you can just send it to me in slack as a Direct Message - https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/212281468-Direct-messages-and-group-DMs
3. 


## Absolute Beginner

If you don't feel at all confident in Java you may want to start from the very beginning. Here is how we recommend you start. 

1. :cinema: VIDEO watch **Course Overview** and **Introduction and Setting up...** in Pluralsight. See [my notes on the videos](pluralsight-notes.md)
2. :construction_worker: TASK (If you haven't already) install Java and an IDE like instructed in the video. 
3. :construction_worker: TASK As a break from this follow the instructions in this video to set up your machine for running the real exercises - https://youtu.be/P1nz1CMs90g

If you have had any problems getting your Java environment or Gradle/Exercises set up - let us know in Slack

4. :runner: EXERCISE Get the "return" exercise running as shown in the video above.
5. :cinema: VIDEO watch **Variables, Data Types and Math Operators** and **Conditional Logic, Looping and Arrays**
6. :runner: EXERCISE Complete the `types-and-maths` exercise that you downloaded when following the instructions in Task 3 above. 
7. :cinema: VIDEO watch watch **Conditional Logic, Looping and Arrays**
8. 

http://www.sololearn.com/Play/Java/#
